EOD Drawdown Explained - Apex Trader Funding - Google Chrome - Duckens (Person 1)
Minimize
Restore
Close
Back
Forward
Reload
View site information
apextraderfunding.com/help-center/eod-trailing-drawdown-accounts/eod-drawdown-explained/
Bookmark this tab
Surfshark VPN Extension. Not connected
Has access to this site
Extensions
Duckens (Person 1)
Chrome
Bookmarks
Saved Tab Groups
✅AI Prompts for Teachers toolkit group - Opened
Tab groups
Separator
Maximum Security - Powered By Deputy.com
My Product for sale
Investment
PropFirms
Progressive Insurance
Insurance Quotes: Home, Auto Insurance | Foremost Insurance Group
Check Federal Refund Status
Menu containing hidden bookmarks
All Bookmarks
EOD Drawdown Explained - Apex Trader Funding
Skip to content
Support
Status
ANY SIZE EVALS UP TO 90% OFF – 90% OFF | USE CODE: COUPON “SAVENOW”
COUPON "SAVENOW"
Ends in:
d
h
m
s
Apex Trader Funding
Primary Menu
Home
About
Products
Helpdesk
Testimonials
Log In
Sign Up
Breadcrumbs
Help Center
EOD Trailing Drawdown Accounts
Hero Banner
HELP CENTER
Search for:
￼
EOD Drawdown Explained
Table of Contents
In this article
EOD Drawdown At A Glance:
Skip to section: EOD Drawdown at a Glance:
What Is The EOD Drawdown?
Skip to section: What is the EOD Drawdown?
How Is EOD Threshold Calculated?
Skip to section: How is EOD Threshold Calculated?
What Happens If EOD Threshold Is Reached Intraday
Skip to section: What Happens If EOD threshold is reached intraday
When EOD Drawdown Stops Trailing
Skip to section: When EOD Drawdown Stops Trailing
Video Explanation Of EOD Drawdown
Skip to section: Video Explanation of EOD Drawdown
Frequently Asked Questions
Skip to section: Frequently Asked Questions
Skip to section:
EOD Drawdown at a Glance:
Defines the maximum total drawdown allowed on your account
Calculated once daily at market close
Enforced in real time during the next trading session
If reached → positions close automatically
If reached → account is failed (evaluation) or closed (PA)
Threshold never moves downward
What is the EOD Drawdown?
The End-of-Day (EOD) Drawdown sets the lowest balance your account is allowed to reach. It is calculated once per day at market close based on your EOD account balance.Once calculated, the EOD Drawdown becomes active for the next trading session. If at any moment during the trading session the account balance touches or falls below the EOD Drawdown, all open positions are automatically liquidated.
In an evaluation, reaching the EOD Drawdown results in evaluation failure.In a Performance Account (PA), reaching the EOD Threshold results in account closure.
How is EOD Threshold Calculated?
The EOD Threshold is recalculated once per trading day at 4:59:59 PM ET, based on the account’s closing balance. It always trails the highest achieved EOD balance and never moves downward. Each account begins with a fixed drawdown amount based on account size.
Example Explained
What Happens If EOD threshold is reached intraday
If at any moment your account balance touches or falls below the EOD Threshold:
All open positions are automatically liquidated
Your evaluation is failed or PA is closed
Trading stops immediately
Even though the threshold is calculated at end-of-day, it is
enforced in real time.
Performance Accounts
Once the EOD Threshold reaches Starting Balance + $100, it stops increasing.
Example for a 50K EOD PA:
Threshold Stop Level = $50,100
This occurs when the Highest EOD Balance reaches $52,100 (Starting Balance + Max Drawdown + $100). From that point onward, the EOD Threshold remains fixed at $50,100
Evaluations Rithmic and Wealthcharts
EOD Threshold stops trailing and becomes fixed when it reaches an amount equal to the Target Profit balance.
Example for a 50K Rithmic and Wealthcharts EOD Evaluation account:
Threshold Stop Level = $53.000
This occurs when the Highest EOD Balance closes above $55,000 ($53,000 + $2,000). From that point onward, the EOD Threshold remains fixed at $53,000.
Evaluations Tradovate
EOD Drawdown trails indefinitely with the peak EOD account balance.
Video Explanation of EOD Drawdown
EOD Drawdown
Do I fail if I reach EOD Threshold Intraday?
Does the EOD Threshold move?
What happens to the EOD Threshold on losing days?
What is the difference between DLL and EOD Threshold?
Can my account dip below the threshold intraday if it later recovers?
What is the difference between Live Trailing Threshold and EOD Threshold?
Call to Action
Can’t find what you’re looking for?
Our team of experts is here to help
Contact Us
Apex Trader Funding Inc.
2028 E. Ben White Blvd Ste 240-9873
Austin, TX 78741
Contact Support 24/7 Via Help Desk
Footer Menu
Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Risk Disclosure
Cookie Preferences
Resources
Coupon Code
Payouts
Restricted Countries
Useful Links
About Us
Logos
Careers
News
RISK DISCLOSURE:
Apex Trader Funding offers simulated trading programs for educational, informational, and evaluation purposes only. All activity occurs in a simulated environment using virtual funds; no real capital is at risk and no live market execution occurs. This is not an offer or solicitation to invest or trade in real financial markets. Trading carries substantial risk and is not suitable for everyone. Past performance, whether actual or simulated, does not guarantee future results. Apex does not provide investment advice and is not a broker-dealer, futures commission merchant, or financial advisor. Use of our services is subject to our User Agreement, Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Risk Disclosure. Participation does not create an employment relationship. Reward payouts are discretionary and subject to eligibility, compliance, and applicable tax laws. Services are intended for U.S. users only and are not offered where prohibited by local laws or regulations.
2021-2026, Apex Trader Funding Inc. All Rights Reserved.
💬 Need Help?
grammarly-integration
{"mode":"full","isActive":true,"isUserDisabled":false}
Tab search
Inbox (5) - duckensm@gmail.com - Gmail - Memory usage - 418 MB
Inbox - steadyhabit.app@gmail.com - Gmail
Inbox (3) - dutrading1@gmail.com - Gmail
Amazon.com : project source 24-in clear wall-mount replacement bar only towel bar
X
Topstep Dashboard
(3284) Discord | #📈trading-prop-firms | The Future Prop Trader - Memory usage - 319 MB
what are the top 10 future trading prop firms - Google Search
ETSY Google Sheet - Google Drive
Funded Futures Tools | Prop firm calculators for NQ traders
New Tab
Open Gemini in Chrome