Source URL: https://www.earn2trade.com/
Final URL: https://www.earn2trade.com/
Title: Earn a Funded Trading Account in 10 Days | Earn2Trade
Captured: 2026-06-01

Earn a Funded Trading Account in 10 Days | Earn2Trade
Products
Trader Career Path®
The Gauntlet Mini™
Beginner Crash Course
Resources
About Us
Partners
Pledge
Blog
Help
Login
English
|
US
Trusted by 10,000+ traders
Become
a Pro Futures Trader
#1 Funding Program
Real Traders. Real Accounts. Real Markets.
Live Trading Accounts
Easy Withdrawals
Crypto Payouts
Start Now and Get Funded
0
+ YEARS
In the Business
0
+
Traders Funded in 2025
0
Reviews
Join Our Discord
Trade on Leading Platforms
Most Popular
Trader Career Path®
Best for traders who want to start small and scale up
Choose your starting level: $25K, $50K or $100K virtual account
Pass the evaluation and move to a funded trading account
Withdraw profits, hit milestones, and upgrade to larger accounts
Scale up to $400K with a fixed drawdown
From
$60
Get Started
Fast Track
The Gauntlet Mini™
A straightforward path to your target account size
Choose your evaluation: $50K–$200K virtual account
Pass the evaluation and move to a funded trading account
Your funded trading account matches your selected evaluation size
Trade with firm capital and withdraw profits
From
$68
Get Started
Why Choose
Earn2Trade?
Easy Withdrawals
Withdraw weekly from $100+. No additional performance targets required to withdraw.
Live Trading Environment
You may transition directly to a live account after passing the evaluation for a real market experience.
No Upfront Activation Fees
The fee is deducted from profits—not your funds—only on your first withdrawal.
What Our Traders Say
M
Mohamed ben
“
It was a great experience passing the test for the funded account. I want to commend the wonderful support team for the accompaniment.
”
Read on Trustpilot
M
Martin Ezequiel Gonzalez
“
E2T is the best option in my opinion. Also, the support team is always happy to help. It's been a great experience.
”
Read on Trustpilot
C
Cristian Ortega
“
The best thing about this company is not just its reliability; you can really build a solid trading journey knowing they actually pay you.
”
Read on Trustpilot
Join Our Trader Community
Join Discord
Still Have Questions?
Contact Support
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Affiliates
Customer Support Policy
Registered Office
Earn2Trade LLC
30 N Gould St STE 4000, Sheridan, WY 82801
© Copyright 2026 Earn2Trade LLC
Exam Disclaimer
In 2025, 8.89% of candidates passed the Trader Career Path® / Gauntlet Mini™ examinations. Percentage is based on subscriptions passed against new subscriptions. Of candidates who passed either exam or progressed in the Trader Career Path®, 5.23% traded a Live account, and 94.77% traded a LiveSim® account. In 2025, 18.04% of Live accounts and 18.20% of LiveSim accounts had at least one withdrawal from them. The Trader Career Path® / Gauntlet Mini™ examinations are realistic simulations of trading in actual market conditions and are difficult for any experienced trader to pass. Neither the Trader Career Path® nor Gauntlet Mini™ examinations are suggested for individuals with little trading experience.
Allowed Instruments
Earn2Trade exam participants are permitted to trade Futures products only, listed on the following exchanges: CME, COMEX, NYMEX & CBOT. Trading of Stocks, Options, Forex, Cryptocurrency and CFD's are not permitted nor available in our program or platforms.
Risk Disclosure
Futures trading contains substantial risk and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital is money that can be lost without jeopardizing ones financial security or life style. Only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
Hypothetical Performance Disclosure
Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown; in fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk of actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all which can adversely affect trading results.
FINRA Disclaimer
Day-Trading Risk Disclosure Statement.
Read the full disclosure